IBX-8916: Content update in User documentation - cd. (#314)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/personalization/integrate_scenario_results.md

---

> description: You can display recommendation results in your Pages using the Personalized block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Use the Personalized block to display recommendation results in your Pages.
```

[configured](configure_personalization.md), as an editor, you can embed the recommendations 
that come from the service, to show them to the end users.
You can, for example, modify a Page to include a block that shows what 
content items/products are recommended to end users when specific [scenarios](scenarios.md) 
are triggered. 
One such example is the [Personalized block](../content_management/block_reference.md#personalized-block), where you can choose from a number of scenarios, 
but there are also other blocks that are tailored to display the results of scenarios
of specific types, like [Recently added block](../content_management/block_reference.md#recently-added-block) 

> or [Bestsellers block](../content_management/block_reference.md#bestsellers-block).

Reviewer: Merge the lines

> Depending on the scenario type, you may need to provide additional information
> to see the recommendation results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the scenario type, you may need to provide additional information to see the recommendation results.
```

> The blocks, the number, and selection of available scenarios within
> these blocks depend on the arrangements that your organization makes with [[= product_name_base =]]
> when defining the initial configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blocks, the number, and selection of available scenarios within these blocks depend on the arrangements that your organization makes with [[= product_name_base =]] when defining the initial configuration.
```

 
1. Save your changes to the draft or publish the Page.

> For more information about collecting events and embedding recommendation results,
> see [Integrate recommendation service]([[= developer_doc =]]/personalization/integrate_recommendation_service/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about collecting events and embedding recommendation results, see [Integrate recommendation service]([[= developer_doc =]]/personalization/integrate_recommendation_service/).
```
